c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\Apifirst.dll.config
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\Apifirst.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\Apifirst.pdb
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\obj\Debug\Apifirst.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\obj\Debug\Apifirst.pdb
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\mudassir hassan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Mudassir Hassan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Apifirst\Apifirst\obj\Debug\Apifirst.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
